<h1>🔴Profile of X. D. Dongfang</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">X. D. Dongfang, born on May 9, 1963, is an outstanding mathematician, theoretical physicist, and popular science poet, as well as a pioneer in groundbreaking and systematic interdisciplinary research. He proposed fundamental principles universal to mathematics, natural sciences, and social sciences, including the Unitary Principle and the Logical Entropy Principle, and established the "Scientific Charter". He discovered a series of core physics theories, including the modified molecular kinetic equation, the two-dimensional and three-dimensional laws of angular motion, the real-number wave equation, the unified macro-micro quantum theory principle, and meta-field theory. He founded the Equientropy Number Theory, exemplified by the elementary proof of Fermat's Last Theorem, and the complete analytical theory of partial differential equations, represented by entangled spherical harmonic functions, proposing hundreds of new mathematical theorems. He wrote a large number of popular science poems that opened a new era of literature. Having refused the unspoken rule of ignorant authorities plundering academic achievements, X. D. Dongfang has been subjected to systematic blocking and slander for a long time. A large number of his cutting-edge papers containing scientific issues for hundreds of years to be explored in the future have been maliciously labeled as "folk science papers" by greedy and unethical mainstream scholars. Some unscrupulous websites (such as Zhihu and Baidu) have long prioritized the dissemination of rumors and slanders from those who attempted to steal their unique discoveries but failed, and have carried out closed-loop attacks through despicable means such as account bans, distorted interpretations, and tampering with online articles. X. D. Dongfang's will was not destroyed by the continuous slander and attacks of the most despicable and shameless mainstream scholars in the world. He has never stopped his high-intensity research in multiple fields, which is the most pioneering and extensive in the five thousand years of Chinese mathematics and natural sciences. Some of his results have been published in the independent journal "<a href="https://mathnature.github.io">Mathematics and Nature</a>".</p>
